what are your options for covering a
buffet a beverage table a bar table a
tradeshow table or any other type of
display table you have many choices you
can screw it your tables or you can
cover them with a fitted tablecloth or
even use a fully draping tablecloth
let's start with table skirting since
it's been the traditional display table
covering for many decades
when skirting a table you will need
three things a tabletop covering usually
a tablecloth the table skirt itself in
some way to attach the table skirt to
the tabletop covering the old way was to
pin the skirt directly to the tablecloth
but we now have the option to quickly
attach the skirt to the tablecloth with
Velcro back skirt clips after covering
the table you simply snap the table
skirt clips along the tabletop edge make
sure to snap a clip on every table
corner otherwise the skirting can look
sloppy and may sag at the corners then
snap clips at intervals along the sides
of the table linen tablecloth comm
recommends one skirt clip for every
linear foot of table skirting if you do
this your table skirt won't sag and it
will look great you can get by with less
Clips than one per foot if need be just
make sure to put the clips on every
table corner first and then space them
out evenly along the tabletop sides now
if you have a tabletop that's thicker
than the standard 3/4 of an inch you
will need to use our large variable
skirt clip which will fit tabletops up
to one and a half inches thick
you may want to add accessories that can
make your skirted table look even better
an old caterers trick involves lining
the skirts table top edge with a nice
ribbon if you have a color theme for
your event it's always a nice touch if
you choose a ribbon that matches one or
more of your event theme colors your
bridesmaid dresses or your dominant
flower colors for instance you'll need
straight pins to secure the ribbon to
the skirt top if you can make ribbon
bows you can also pin these to the table
top edges if your event is a wedding
reception try using one color
combination on your bridal table and
maybe another color combination on your
beverage or cake tables another option
is to add overlays to your skirted table
presentation if you're using table
skirting on a food presentation table
try creating levels or platforms by
covering risers with either overlays or
bulk cloth another option is using a
fitted tablecloth these slide over the
table quickly and easily just like
furniture slipcovers fitted tablecloths
are great for beverage tables deejay
tables trade show display tables etc and
just like with table skirting you can
dress up a fitted tablecloth with other
linens if you want to add just a little
more elegance the last solution that I'd
like to suggest is a fully draping
tablecloth similar to a fitted
tablecloth this covering is quick and
easy
fully draping tablecloths drop all the
way to the floor and can also be
combined with other table women these
are just a few of your display table
covering options here at linen
tablecloth comm we're constantly
updating our product line as new
innovations appear so please visit us
often to find the latest projects and
trends remember that when decorating for
fine events there are no set rules just
go wherever your artistic impulses take
you and you'll create a truly
spectacular display table when you do
please send us photos we'd love to see
your work thanks for visiting us here at
linen tablecloth calm
you